what's the difference between a forest and a wood?
Are there any good source material on the Warsaw Ghetto to be had online?
we do we instinctively grab a part of our body after it is hurt?
Following the passing of the Thirteenth Amendment, were there any cases of slave-owners attempting to continue the practice illegally?
In medieval and pre-modern times, political entities made marriage pacts between heirs in order to secure peace. Often times, this didn't last for more than 20 years, if not even less. Why did they even bother?
What happened to German and Italian volunteers in the International Brigades of the Spanish Civil War after they were disbanded in 1938?
What (if anything) did Native Americans think lay beyond the Pacific and Atlantic oceans?
Is it possible that in the distant future, an organism that exists right now on Earth, will evolve to the point that it can be considered intelligent life? Which animal comes the closest?
How much can you learn from someone's genome?
why are hispanics included as whites in statistical polls instead of being considered their own independent demographic like blacks or native americans?
what causes "flashing lights", or blurry vision after strenuous physical activity?
if an ambulance on its way to a call witnesses an accident, what do they do?
how do I know that I don't have depth perception?
since oil  &  water don't mix, how are essential oil soaks helpful?
if a nuclear bomb is dropped on other nuclear bombs that are idle on the ground, will it create a double explosion or do these weapons need to become 'activated' in order for them to be able to detonate?
why do bottles of liquid have a dent/semicircle at the bottom of them?
the dow futures is reported to have dropped 700 points already. what does that mean for retirement funds, the market in general, etc...?
During the Cold War period, was Able Archer and The Cuban Missile Crisis the peak of tensions?
what's in artificial food coloring that makes it so toxic to consume?
why does it feel like your stomach drops when your adrenaline kicks in?
what happens to someone convicted of a felony that is going to die soon?
Why can a person safely receive platelets donated by anyone, but can only receive a particular type of whole blood?
why don't people get tolerance from orgasms like they do from drugs?
Is the shield wall fighting depicted on the show "Vikings" historically accurate?
what is the difference between inches, millimeters and caliber when talking about guns?
why is hydrogen so common on earth and helium quite rare?
Why do the Russian scientists have to wait till December to study the water they took from Lake Vostok? (Lake under Antarctica)
I hear a lot about rape from the Red Army in Berlin during WWII. Did the German army (and SS) rape women too? If so, why isn't it talked about as much?
Do different types of wood have different specific heats?
why is the greek language used in science so much?
Just finished watching "12 Years a Slave": Was life for slaves in the southern U.S. during the 1800's really as bad as these movies depict? What was the average life like for an average slave on an average plantation?
why does sunset time sometimes decrease or increase by 2 minutes instead of 1?
why do humans have fetishes and animals appear to do not?
Can you transmit the flu through semen? What about sweat?
Why are pipe organs used to play songs or jingles at hockey games?
What was the Roman Empire's opinion of the crusades, and how did they feel about the outcomes?
how are you assigned to classes in college?
why does throwing an extremely light object, for example a golf ball, strain the arm as opposed to a baseball that is relative in mass?
Why is there so much Carbon-14 in these fossils?
As the needle approaches the centre of a record, its speed increases, right? Are the grooves cut differently towards the middle of a record to account for this?
How was the East India Company able to maintain rule over the massive subcontinent for over 100 years? Was it stable? Was it more than a loose administration? How much indigenous resistance was there? Did this change under direct British rule?
In a chemical reaction, if the product has a lower energy than the reactant, why doesn't all reactant convert to product?
Why is there such a thing as "critical mass" for a radioactive material? Why couldn't the chain reaction sustain itself with less mass than the critical amount? How is this mass calculated?
how do hackers hack a webcam?
Do Historians studying Colonial America *need* to be fluent in Native American Languages?
Will Solar Energy Ever Surpass the Efficiency of Fossil Fuels and Will it be a Viable Source of Energy for the Future?
why do marathoners and triathletes tend to have small body frames?
How is the primality of extremely large numbers tested/proven?
Is MDMA really harmless?
what is economic contagion?