What's the difference between a forest and a wood?
Why do we instinctively grab a part of our body after it is hurt?
What happened to German and Italian volunteers in the International Brigades of the Spanish Civil War after they were disbanded in 1938?
What (if anything) did Native Americans think lay beyond the Pacific and Atlantic oceans?
How much can you learn from someone's genome?
Why are hispanics included as whites in statistical polls instead of being considered their own independent demographic like blacks or native americans?
What causes "flashing lights", or blurry vision after strenuous physical activity?
If an ambulance on its way to a call, witnesses an accident, what do they do?
How do I know that I don't have depth perception?
Since oil & water don't mix, how are essential oil soaks helpful?
Why do bottles of liquid have a dent/semicircle at the bottom of them?
What's in artificial food coloring that makes it so toxic to consume?
Why does it feel like your stomach drops when your adrenaline kicks in?
What happens to someone convicted of a felony that is going to die soon?
Why can a person safely receive platelets donated by anyone, but can only receive a particular type of whole blood?
Is the shield wall fighting depicted on the show "Vikings" historically accurate?
What is the difference between inches, millimeters and caliber when talking about guns?
Why is hydrogen so common on earth and helium quite rare?
Why do the Russian scientists have to wait till December to study the water they took from Lake Vostok? (Lake under Antarctica)
Do different types of wood have different specific heats?
Why is the greek language used in science so much?
Why does sunset time sometimes decrease or increase by 2 minutes instead of 1?
Why do humans have fetishes and animals appear to do not?
Why are pipe organs used to play songs or jingles at hockey games?
What was the Roman Empire's opinion of the crusades, and how did they feel about the outcomes?
Why does throwing an extremely light object, for example a golf ball, strain the arm as opposed to a baseball that is relative in mass?
In a chemical reaction, if the product has a lower energy than the reactant, why doesn't all reactant convert to product?
How do hackers hack a webcam?
Do Historians studying Colonial America need to be fluent in Native American Languages?
Will Solar Energy Ever Surpass the Efficiency of Fossil Fuels and Will it be a Viable Source of Energy for the Future?
Why do marathoners and triathletes tend to have small body frames?
How is the primality of extremely large numbers tested/proven?
What is economic contagion?
How can fish swim their entire lives?
If deaf people put their fingers against the diaphragm on a speaker, could they "feel" the music?
Why don’t all phone services send texts over the internet (like apple’s imessage does)?
Why does water form the shape it does when poured?
Why do brownie corners taste better than brownie centers?
what is the difference between gdp and ppp?
Why do stores, businesses, buildings play music?
Why does food microwaved in commercial kitchens turn out much better than what someone can do at home?
How big were vegetables 2,000 years ago?
Did medieval cities have street names? How did people in urban areas tell each other where they lived?
In Classical-age Europe, how pervasive was the ability to speak Greek?
What's the big deal about the leicester city soccer team?
Can you make electricity from radio waves?
How come some liquids(like milk) can be held in paper cartons, and some can not(like toothpaste)?
Why dont metals compound with each other?
How does face paint, such as that used by quarterbacks, help block the sun?
How common is cannibalism among animals?
Why was jfk assassinated?
How do the rovers get there directional heading on Mars?
